Brother-in-law good news
You let it be announced
The news of mass production of fabrics has just come out
The Zhou family and the Qiang family can't sit still
Once you replace them completely and complete the fundraiser
They are powerless for a moment
So they will raise the proceeds
A massive influx of drugs into the family's workshop
Fanzhuang Buzhuang
To whitewash the silver taels they covet
The fox's tail can't hide anymore
I have secretly reported this to my father
Father Emperor now ordered me to check the front armor of the Zhou family
You ask actors to raise money in the palace
But now it seems
It's just traditional, right?
Is the son of the richest man amazing?
Money comes too much, injustice will kill itself
I want to eat
I'll leave it to you here.
Don't worry, leave it to me.
Come on, move it for me
What did you find?
Tragedy
The first law of the imperial capital
Liu Shishi once appeared outside the palace
So that's it.
The Qin family tragedy is very likely to be related to Liu Shishi
He must know something if he can't be cured
Liu Shishi
Where is he now?